---
page_title: "cloudfoundry_org_quota Data Source - terraform-provider-cloudfoundry"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets information on a Cloud Foundry organization quota.
---

# cloudfoundry_org_quota (Data Source)

Gets information on a Cloud Foundry organization quota.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudfoundry_org_quota" "org_quota" {
  name = "tf-test-org-quota"
}

output "guid" {
  value = data.cloudfoundry_org_quota.org_quota.id
}
output "instance_memory" {
  value = data.cloudfoundry_org_quota.org_quota.instance_memory
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the organization quota to look up

### Read-Only

- `allow_paid_service_plans` (Boolean) Determines whether users can provision instances of non-free service plans. Does not control plan visibility. When false, non-free service plans may be visible in the marketplace but instances can not be provisioned.
- `created_at` (String) The date and time when the resource was created in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.
- `id` (String) The GUID of the object.
- `instance_memory` (Number) Maximum memory per application instance
- `organizations` (Set of String) Set of Org GUIDs to which this org quota would be assigned.
- `total_app_instances` (Number) Maximum app instances allowed
- `total_app_log_rate_limit` (Number) Maximum log rate allowed for all the started processes and running tasks in bytes/second.
- `total_app_tasks` (Number) Maximum tasks allowed per app
- `total_memory` (Number) Maximum memory usage allowed
- `total_private_domains` (Number) Maximum number of private domains allowed to be created within the Org
- `total_route_ports` (Number) Maximum routes with reserved ports
- `total_routes` (Number) Maximum routes allowed
- `total_service_keys` (Number) Maximum service keys allowed
- `total_services` (Number) Maximum services allowed
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time when the resource was updated in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.