---
page_title: "cloudfoundry_service_instance Data Source - terraform-provider-cloudfoundry"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets information of a Service Instance.
---

# cloudfoundry_service_instance (Data Source)

Gets information of a Service Instance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudfoundry_service_instance" "svc" {
  name  = "tf-test-do-not-delete"
  space = "02c0cc92-6ecc-44b1-b7b2-096ca19ee143"
}

output "guid" {
  value = data.cloudfoundry_service_instance.svc.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the service instance to look up
- `space` (String) The ID of the space in which to create the service instance

### Read-Only

- `annotations` (Map of String) The annotations associated with Cloud Foundry resources.
- `created_at` (String) The date and time when the resource was created in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.
- `dashboard_url` (String) The URL to the service instance dashboard (or null if there is none); only shown when type is managed.
- `id` (String) The GUID of the object.
- `labels` (Map of String) The labels associated with Cloud Foundry resources.
- `last_operation` (Attributes) The details of the last operation performed on the resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--last_operation))
- `maintenance_info` (Attributes) Information about the version of this service instance; only shown when type is managed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_info))
- `route_service_url` (String) URL to which requests for bound routes will be forwarded; only shown when type is user-provided.
- `service_plan` (String) The ID of the service plan from which the service instance was created, only shown when type is managed
- `syslog_drain_url` (String) URL to which logs for bound applications will be streamed; only shown when type is user-provided.
- `tags` (List of String) List of tags used by apps to identify service instances. They are shown in the app VCAP_SERVICES env.
- `type` (String) Type of the service instnace. Either managed or user-provided.
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time when the resource was updated in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.
- `upgrade_available` (Boolean) Whether or not an upgrade of this service instance is available on the current Service Plan; details are available in the maintenance_info object; Only shown when type is managed

<a id="nestedatt--last_operation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `last_operation`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The time at which the last operation was created
- `description` (String) A description of the last operation
- `state` (String) The state of the last operation
- `type` (String) The type of the last operation
- `updated_at` (String) The time at which the last operation was updated


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_info`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A description of the version of the service instance
- `version` (String) The version of the service instance