---
page_title: "cloudfoundry_service_credential_binding Data Source - terraform-provider-cloudfoundry"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets information on Service Credential Bindings for a given service instance.
---

# cloudfoundry_service_credential_binding (Data Source)

Gets information on Service Credential Bindings for a given service instance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudfoundry_service_credential_binding" "scbd" {
  service_instance = "5e2976bb-332e-41e1-8be3-53baafea9296"
  app              = "ec6ac2b3-fb79-43c4-9734-000d4299bd59"
}

data "cloudfoundry_service_credential_binding" "scbdaf" {
  service_instance = "e9ec29ca-993d-42e2-9c5b-cb17b1972cce"
  name             = "hifi"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `service_instance` (String) The GUID of the service instance

### Optional

- `app` (String) The GUID of the app which is bound to be query for
- `name` (String) Name of the service credential binding to query for

### Read-Only

- `credential_bindings` (Attributes List) The list of credential bindings for the given service instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_bindings))

<a id="nestedatt--credential_bindings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_bindings`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) The annotations associated with Cloud Foundry resources.
- `app` (String) The GUID of the app which is bound
- `created_at` (String) The date and time when the resource was created in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.
- `credential_binding` (String, Sensitive) The service credential binding details.
- `id` (String) The GUID of the object.
- `labels` (Map of String) The labels associated with Cloud Foundry resources.
- `last_operation` (Attributes) The last operation performed on the service credential binding (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--credential_bindings--last_operation))
- `name` (String) Name of the service credential binding
- `service_instance` (String) The GUID of the service instance
- `type` (String) Type of the service credential binding
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time when the resource was updated in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.

<a id="nestedatt--credential_bindings--last_operation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_bindings.last_operation`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The time at which the last operation was created
- `description` (String) A description of the last operation
- `state` (String) The state of the last operation
- `type` (String) The type of the last operation
- `updated_at` (String) The time at which the last operation was updated