---
page_title: "Cloud Foundry Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Cloud Foundry Terraform plugin is an integration that allows users to leverage Terraform, an infrastructure as code tool, to define and provision infrastructure resources within the Cloud Foundry platform.
---
# Terraform Provider for Cloud Foundry

The Cloud Foundry Terraform plugin is an integration that allows users to leverage Terraform, an infrastructure as code tool, to define and provision infrastructure resources within the Cloud Foundry platform.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    cloudfoundry = {
      source  = "SAP/cloudfoundry"
      version = "1.0.0-rc1"
    }
  }
}
provider "cloudfoundry" {
  api_url  = "https://api.cf.example.com"
  user     = "admin"
  password = "admin"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) OAuth token to authenticate with Cloud Foundry
- `api_url` (String) Specific URL representing the entry point for communication between the client and a Cloud Foundry instance.
- `cf_client_id` (String, Sensitive) Unique identifier for a client application used in authentication and authorization processes
- `cf_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) A confidential string used by a client application for secure authentication and authorization, requires cf_client_id to authenticate
- `origin` (String) Indicates the identity provider to be used for login
- `password` (String, Sensitive) A confidential alphanumeric code associated with a user account on the Cloud Foundry platform, requires user to authenticate.
- `refresh_token` (String) Token to refresh the access token, requires access_token
- `skip_ssl_validation` (Boolean) Allows the client to disregard SSL certificate validation when connecting to the Cloud Foundry API
- `user` (String, Sensitive) A unique identifier associated with an individual or entity for authentication & authorization purposes.

**Note** 

All parameter values for the provider can be injected by setting environment variables `CF_API_URL`, `CF_USER`, `CF_PASSWORD`, `CF_ORIGIN`, `CF_CLIENT_ID`, `CF_CLIENT_SECRET`, `CF_ACCESS_TOKEN`, `CF_REFRESH_TOKEN`.
Alternatively, one can even log in to their CF landscape via CF-CLI and the provider will pick the credentials from the config.json present in CF Home in case no attributes are given in the provider block or if no environment variables are set.

## Custom User-Agent Information

By default, the underlying Cloud Foundry client used by the Terraform Cloud Foundry Provider creates requests with User-Agent headers that include information about Terraform and Cloud Foundry Terraform provider versions. To add more details to the User-Agent headers, the `CF_APPEND_USER_AGENT` environment variable can be set, and its value will be directly added to HTTP requests. E.g.,

```bash
% export CF_APPEND_USER_AGENT="Optional_Extra_Information"
```

## Get Started

If you're not familiar with Terraform yet, see the [Fundamentals](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/cli) section with a lot of helpful tutorials. 

## Best Practices

For the best experience using the Cloud Foundry provider, we recommend applying the common best practices for Terraform adoption as described in the Hashicorp documentation. For example, see [Phases of Terraform Adoption](https://developer.hashicorp.com/well-architected-framework/operational-excellence/operational-excellence-terraform-maturity).
